## The Journey Between website/Idea Notes/Institutionalized misogyny. and website/Important Terms/CRTC
- website/Idea Notes/[[Institutionalized misogyny.]]
The link between mysogny and Goverment is systematic, not just in Canada, but around the globe. Even though the Goverment has taken action to address this, the scar can never truly heal fully. Canada was founded as nation for men, not for all. As such the Governing system, and the instatutions that make up the state,  are still to an extent mysonistic as a reuslt fo the fact the they foundation upon which they where built was in and of itself misogynistic. 
- website/Important Terms/[[Goverment]]
The link between Goverment and the Debate on [[Billc-11]] is inherent, as the legislation itself was propoused by the Goverment to help reflect the General will of Canadians, and the debate around is part of the Canadian politcal process, as it helps to ensure that Canadians 
- website/Idea Notes/[[Why the Debate on c-11.]]
A key focus of the debate surrounding C-11 was the fact that it gave increased regulatory powers to the [[CRTC]] mainly when it comes to the regualator's ability to determine what is and is not [[Canadiancontent]] as such a recomendation made in the Senate was the legislation or the regualtor ought to have a a clear cut, publicly accessible criteria as to what is and is not considered Canadian content. 
- website/Important Terms/[[CRTC]]
I believe that I wanted to get out of this class was to get a greater understanding of the connection between the Goverment, the political arena and internet as a tool in elections.  While I may not have learned alot about that specific topic as it was more or less outside of the scope of this class, I did learn a tremendous ammount about the connections between Government and the internet, specifcally how the Goverment, and the research it funded for destruction led to the ultimate creation of the internet and modern computing as an unintended side effect. As such I feel I have a much deeper understanding of how the internet came to be, and what foundations it was built upon, therfore I feel that I did acomplish the desire to learn about the Intersectionality of the internet and the political process, just in an unorthadox, indirect manner. 