## The Journey Between website/2-source_notes/canadaDebatesIssue96SourceNote and website/Important Terms/space race
- website/2-source_notes/[[canadaDebatesIssue96SourceNote]]
[[Billc-11]] as a peace of legislation has been one of the foundational blocks of this memex, its passgee was the inspiration behind this memex's focus on [[Goverment]] and the involvement of the Government in things llike the devlopment of [[arpanet]] was instrmanetla in buidling the overarching strucutre of this work.  The debate in the Senate of Canada on  the Bill which seeks to promote [[Canadiancontent]] on the internet in a similar manner to TV and Radio, raised some important questions regarding how the law would effect [[Contentcreators]] and other actors in the internet arena, and how it would effect corparartions.  The bill also sought to prmomte and protect the French Language on the internet as evedienced by Senator Renné Cormier's remarks, about how peer countries like France had taken similar actions in their countriesl. As the Law grants increased powers to the [[CRTC]] and quite litteraly regulates the internet it is inherently intertwinded with the idea of internet regulation, as that is goal of the legislation, and the overarching question of the surrouding the debate. 
- website/Important Terms/[[InternetRegulation]] 
It's unlikley that Bush ever imagined that less than century after wrting about his idea of the memex Parlimentarians in Canada and dozens of other countries across the globe would be debating the regulation of a service that very much resembles his idea of a memex. Bush and his compatriats like [[Alan Turing]] 's work is the foundation upon which the moderen internet age is based, without their work its highly unlikely that society would be as rooted in technology as it is today, for better or for worse.  
- website/2-source_notes/[[bushWeMayThink1945sourcenote]] 
The work of Bush and his collegues is ultimatly responsible for putting and end to the second world war ([[ww2]]), and the utter destrruction that it caused. Specfically when it comes too Bush, he workedon the project that would ultimatly lead to the creation of the two [[Nuclear-Bomb]] s that would fall onto [[Hiroshima & Nagasaki]] , putting an end to the second world war, starting the [[cold war]] and killed between 110,000 and 210,000 people in the process.  As such bush and all those who worked to proliferate nuclear wepons are to an extent responsible for the cold war, and the destruction of hiroshima and nagasaki but also the end of the second world war and possiblities created through nuclear energy. 
- website/Idea Notes/[[Do we owe today to Hiroshima & Nagasaki?]] 
To an extent we owe the modern Canadian experience to the destruction of [[Hiroshima & Nagasaki]] and the end of the second world war, there is no way that technology would be where it is today without the discoveries that came about thanks to Goverment funding during the second world, however the positive discoveries of that era where not the goal of the funding, rather they where the bi-product of the quest for destruction, albeit destruction in the name of the greater good. However after the war, the focus of Goverment funded research shifted from destruction in the name of the greater good, to a race to annihilation, between the [[NATO]] and the USSR. As such the Govermnet funded reasrch of that era led to countless  discoveries, but those discoveries only came about as a result of the quest for destruction, and dispite thier importance those discovieres are tainted as a result of the context of which they occured.  
- website/Important Terms/[[USSR]]
After the second world war came to an end and the cold war began in earnest the Goverments of both the United States and the USSR pummped an inmesurable ammount of money into Space research, particulary into the race to determine which nation would land a man on the Moon first. Accordingly huge leaps where made in that race, with computers in particular being crucial. However these developments where not truley ultruwistic in nature, rather they came about to as the two states, in their quest to determine who was superior, fought one another through the game of propaganda. As evidenced by the fact that once the USSR began to put less emphisis on space, the United States follwoed suite.  Immense gains where made a result of the space race, yet the pace of those gains slowed to a crawl once the interests of the Goverment began to fall elsewhere. Should the Goverment have continued to fund reasearch into space travel, the world today would be a better place, even more so considering that reaserch could take place withoth being done under the ospus of the Cold war.  
- website/Important Terms/[[space race]] 

In tracing the connection between debate on [[Billc-11]] and the space race, one thing is clear,  Goverment is responsible for the interenet's exsistence in the first place, thanks to its funding of the research that led to its creation in the first place. Morover it is also important to consider that, that reaserch has led to immesurable good in the world, yet it has also led to to immesuarable suffering. The answer to the question of  "what is the most powerful thing that you have learned in this course?" is a complex one. During the first day of class Dr. Graham mentioined how if one looks at railways in Europe today, and compares them to ancient Roman roads, they more or less line up. If both cases those netoworks where built by the Goverment.  In the context of the Internet, it was built up by the Goverment and it would not exsist without it. While the context of the construction of both the Internet, and Roman roads was not necessarily the most pious, the end result was a hummoungous positive. All in all the most powerful thing that I have learned in this course is that at the end of the day, unintended side effects of a stated goal can have immense positives, completely seperate from the stated goal, and that as result we ought to open *Pandora's box* so to speak, as dispite the fact that inside may lay negatives, there inside may also lay a total ammount of positives that catagorically outweigh the sum total of all negatives. 